---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Directions for Future Developments

After completing the final iteration of our design, performance and user testing were conducted to measure how well our design fulfills the design problems that we have outlined. From the performance testing, while our design has fulfilled all the allowable values for all the requirements, there were some requirements that have not yet reached the ideal value. Examples of requirements that are yet ideal include ‘fast at responding to outfit generation requests’ and ‘quick to use’ (see Appendix K). These metrics have influenced the user’s feedback score for our final design. The functionality of the final design was rated 7.1/10 (see Appendix M), highlighting that while the prototype is useable and addresses the design problem, there are certain features that we should improve and address to further improve our design. Given the feedback received from user testing and performance testing, three main directions for future development were identified. 

### Editing Outfits
Users can currently edit outfits generated by ClimateCloset by clicking the “Reshuffle Outfit” button, changing their responses to the outfit generation questionnaire, or by inputting textual instructions into the “Extra Notes” below the outfit generation questionnaire. In the future, users will be able to manually edit outfits generated by Climate Closet by switching out articles of clothing for other options uploaded into their virtual wardrobe. In addition, users will have the option to remove or add additional pieces of outerwear to their generated outfit. These changes will be saved by ClimateCloset and will be available for future reference in the calendar view of Climate Closet.

### Accuracy Improvements
Climate Closet currently integrates multiple features to generate a personalized outfit for the user. Examples of these features include the link with the weather app, user preference survey (activity, time of the day, occasion), and outfit feedback (Overall Rating, Temperature). However, later user testing revealed that the system often becomes too fixated on certain inputs at the expense of compromising user experience and outfit aesthetics. For instance, on rainy days, the system would consistently output outfits that revolve around usability and convenience on rainy days. This includes giving outfits that include rain boots, a raincoat, and accessories such as a hat. The accuracy and comprehensiveness of the outfit generation process are key areas of improvement that were identified. This issue stems from how the system currently processes input: all factors are treated equally and stored without structure in the context window. To improve accuracy and balance, future development will focus on introducing organizational mechanisms, such as a weighted formula, to strike a balance between weather data, user preferences, and feedback in outfit generation.

### Purchase Suggestions
While the bottom of the wardrobe view of ClimateCloset includes AI analytics on what the user’s wardrobe is lacking, ClimateCloset is restricted to choosing the most suitable outfit from what clothes the user has uploaded. For example, if a user indicates they are going to a formal event but has only uploaded a t-shirt and jeans, ClimateCloset will indicate to the user that they should wear the t-shirt and jeans. In the future, ClimateCloset will have an internal default closet, which will be used if the user has not uploaded any suitable clothes with links to similar options users can buy online to improve their wardrobe.

